Robot 101 - Robot Design Post (#466)
srobo/website: _posts/2022-12-02-101-robot-design.md

Narrow the list and prototype some hardware (can be simple) to assess feasibility. The most complex, technologically advanced strategy is not necessarily the best. A simple (and elegant) strategy is more straightforward, quicker to implement and less likely to fail. On many occasions, a simple strategy has won the day.

## Movement

How your robot will move is a key decision to make. Many options are available, and all have pros and cons: wheels, tracks, or legs, 2, 3 or 4-wheel drive, omniwheels etc. Types of motor: DC, geared, stepper motors, built-in or add-on encoders. You should research these methods and decide what will be best for your strategy. The ability to move a defined distance and/or rotate a specified number of degrees can be helpful.

## Construction

> The construction of your robot will be strongly influenced by the movement system you have decided upon. When planning the construction of your robot, a few things would be good to think about: the strength of your robot, how heavy it will be, the ease of modification or repairs, do you have sufficient ground clearance, is the robot protected from impacts etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The construction of your robot will be strongly influenced by the movement system you have decided upon. When planning the construction of your robot, a few things would be good to think about: the strength of your robot, how heavy it will be, the ease of modification or repairs, do you have sufficient ground clearance, is the robot protected from impacts, etc.
```

> Note that the maximum dimensions of the robot are clearly defined in the rules. These are strictly adhered to, and robots must comply or will not be allowed to compete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the maximum dimensions of the robot are clearly defined in the rules. These are strictly adhered to and robots must comply or will not be allowed to compete.
```

## Location of components

The power board has an ON/OFF and a START button. Both of these can be wired to remote switches if desired. The ON/OFF switch (remote or on the power board) must be easily accessible, clearly marked and visible. All the boards have LEDs on them that can provide valuable information for debugging.

> The battery must be protected from mechanical damage on all sides. Failure to comply will result in disqualification. The battery should also be easily accessible to make your life easier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The battery must be protected from mechanical damage on all sides. Failure to comply will result in disqualification. Having your battery easily accessible will make your life easier.
```
